#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
% Very simple template for SODX lab reports. Most common packages are already included.

% Change according your file encoding
\usepackage{url}

%opening
\title{Seminar Report: seminar ID (e.g. Chatty)}
\author{Name of group members}
\date{\today{}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 11
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 0
\use_mathdots 0
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
maketitle
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Introduce the seminar and the main topic related to distributed systems
 it covers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
System overview
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Summarize the functionality of the system, accompanying your text with small
 Erlang code snippets.
 You do not need to copy&paste all the code, put only the relevant one.
 Emphasize especially the new parts that you have added or how you have
 implemented a required functionality.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Evaluation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Provide evidence that the functionalities of the system (and its different
 versions) work (e.g., use screenshots).
 In addition, you may provide figures or tables with experimental results
 of the system evaluation.
 For each seminar, we will provide you with some guidance on which kind
 of evaluation you should do.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Open questions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Try to answer all the open questions in the documentation.
 If possible, do experiments to support your answers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\shape italic
Describe the lessons you have learnt in this seminar, and give your opinion
 about it.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
